[Marketplace Contribution] Atlassian Jira - Content Pack Update (#26087)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/2_1_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - 2.1.0
>   - Add `jira-issue-assign` command
>   - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.55861*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the command ***jira-issue-edit-assignee*** which allows to edit the assignee of an existing issue. 
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.55861*.
```
